Update  MTU  to Min QUIC packet size in manageability (#262)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-manageability.md

some also include an Initial packet.

Datagrams that contain a QUIC Initial Packet (Client Hello, Server Hello, and
some Initial Completion) contain at least 1200 octets of UDP payload. This protects
against amplification attacks and verifies that the network path meets the
requirements for the minimum QUIC IP packet size, see Section 14 of

> {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}. This is usually accomplished with
> either the addition of PADDING frames to the Initial packet, or by coalescing of
> the Initial Packet with other packets. A network path 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}. This is accomplished by
either adding PADDING frames within the Initial packet, coalescing other packets with the Initial packet, or 
leaving unused payload in the UDP packet after the Initial packet. A network path 
```

> the Initial Packet with packets from other encryption contexts. A network path 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the Initial Packet with other packets. A network path 
```
